contributing.md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

## Pull Request Process

1. Fork, then clone the repo:

```shell 
git clone git@github.com:your-username/pml-analyzer.git 
```

2. See README.md to set up your machine.
3. Make sure the tests pass:

```shell
sbt test 
```

4. Make your change and please follow
   the [Scala 3 coding and documentation style guide](https://docs.scala-lang.org/style/).
5. Add tests for your change. Make the tests pass:

```shell
sbt test 
```

6. Update the README.md with details of changes to the API or the analysis process.
7. Increase the version numbers in any examples files, the README.md and the build.sbt to the new version that this
   Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).

```scala
//Change version in build.sbt
version := "X.Y.Z"
```

8. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Code of Conduct

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and
orientation.

### Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
  advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

### Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at [http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4][version]

[homepage]: http://contributor-covenant.org

[version]: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/

Commit message:

Add info concerning linter and formatter

contributing.md, after:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

## Pull Request Process

1. Fork, then clone the repo:

```shell 
git clone git@github.com:your-username/pml-analyzer.git 
```

2. See README.md to set up your machine.
3. Make sure the tests pass:

```shell
sbt test 
```

4. Make your change and please follow
   the [Scala 3 coding and documentation style guide](https://docs.scala-lang.org/style/).
5. Add tests for your change. Make the tests pass:

```shell
sbt test 
```
6. Automatic linter and formatter are used during the compilation process. 
   Please ensure that all modifications after the linting and formatting processes are pushed.
   To check please ensure that `isVersionStable` is true

```shell
sbt isVersionStable 
```

7. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Code of Conduct

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and
orientation.

### Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
  advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

### Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at [http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4][version]

[homepage]: http://contributor-covenant.org

[version]: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/
